Update how to manually stop and start the upgrade (#773)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/automatic.md

    Example: Harvester [v1.5.0 version file](https://releases.rancher.com/harvester/v1.5.0/version.yaml) is downloaded as `v1.5.0.yaml`.

    ```
    apiVersion: harvesterhci.io/v1beta1
    kind: Version
    metadata:
      name: v1.5.0-customized # Changed, to avoid duplicated with the official version name
      namespace: harvester-system
    spec:
      isoChecksum: 'df28e9bf8dc561c5c26dee535046117906581296d633eb2988e4f68390a281b6856a5a0bd2e4b5b988c695a53d0fc86e4e3965f19957682b74317109b1d2fe32'  # Don't change
      isoURL: https://releases.rancher.com/harvester/v1.5.0/harvester-v1.5.0-amd64.iso # Official ISO path by default
      releaseDate: '20250425'
    ```

1. Add following annotations on demand.

1. Run `kubectl create -f v1.5.0.yaml` to create the version.

#### Annotation minCertsExpirationInDay

Harvester checkes the cert expiration days on each node. If any of them will expire in 7 days, an error is reported. This check eliminates the chance to hit cert experiation when upgrade is running.

Example: The `harvesterhci.io/minCertsExpirationInDay: "14"` sets the check upon expiration days to 14.

> See [auto-rotate-rke2-certs](advanced/settings.md/#auto-rotate-rke2-certs) for more information.

Author: I keep `will expire in 14 days` instead of `that is set to expire`.

The expire concept is as such: When a cert is set to expire in e.g. `30 days` and is updated `today`, then the system will count down, after 30 days, it is out-dated;   the annotation will guide the script to check all the certs, to compute the `remaining alive days`, if it is less than e.g. `14 days`, then report error.

:::

### Prepare the ISO and Version File

1. Download a Harvester ISO file from [release pages](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/releases).

1. Save the ISO to a local HTTP server. Assume the file is hosted at `http://10.10.0.1/harvester.iso`.

1. Download the version file from release pages, for example, `https://releases.rancher.com/harvester/{version}/version.yaml`

    - Replace `isoURL` value in the `version.yaml` file:

        ```
        apiVersion: harvesterhci.io/v1beta1
        kind: Version
        metadata:
          name: v1.5.0
          namespace: harvester-system
          annotations:

>             harvesterhci.io/skipGarbageCollectionThresholdCheck: false

Author: There are a few options and not documented in a single place, I refactored the description.

        spec:
          isoChecksum: <SHA-512 checksum of the ISO>
          isoURL: http://10.10.0.1/harvester.iso  # change to local ISO URL
          releaseDate: '20250425'
        ```

    - Assume the file is hosted at `http://10.10.0.1/version.yaml`.

### Create the Version Object

1. Log in to one of your control plane nodes.

1. Become root and create a version:

    ```
    rancher@node1:~> sudo -i
    rancher@node1:~> kubectl create -f http://10.10.0.1/version.yaml
    ```

### Trgger the Upgrade

1. An upgrade button should show up on the Harvester GUI Dashboard page.

    Refresh the web page if the button does not appear.

## Manually Start an Upgrade before the Harvester Official Upgrade is Available

After a new Harvester version is released, the official upgrade is not available right now, you do not see the `upgrade` button on your cluster.

> When you want to upgrade your cluster to the new release, follow the stpes on [Prepare an air-gapped upgrade](#prepare-an-air-gapped-upgrade).

Reviewer: s/stpes/steps/

:::

### Prepare the ISO File

1. Download a Harvester ISO file from [release pages](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/releases).

1. Save the ISO to a local HTTP server. Assume the file is hosted at `http://10.10.0.1/harvester.iso`.

### Prepare the Version

1. Download the version file from release pages, for example, `https://releases.rancher.com/harvester/{version}/version.yaml`

    - Replace `isoURL` value in the `version.yaml` file:

        ```
        apiVersion: harvesterhci.io/v1beta1
        kind: Version
        metadata:
          name: v1.5.0
          namespace: harvester-system
        spec:
          isoChecksum: <SHA-512 checksum of the ISO>
          isoURL: http://10.10.0.1/harvester.iso  # change to local ISO URL
          releaseDate: '20250425'
        ```

    - Assume the file is hosted at `http://10.10.0.1/version.yaml`.

    - If you need to customize the version, refer [customization](#customize-the-version)

1. Log in to one of your control plane nodes.

1. Become root and create a version object:

    ```
    rancher@node1:~> sudo -i
    rancher@node1:~> kubectl create -f http://10.10.0.1/version.yaml
    ```

> ### Trigger the Upgrade
> 
> 1. An upgrade button should show up on the Harvester GUI Dashboard page.
> 
>     Refresh the web page if the button does not appear.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Start the Upgrade

The **Upgrade** button appears on the **Dashboard** screen whenever a new Harvester version that you can upgrade to becomes available. Refresh the screen if the button does not appear.
```

> ## Manually Start an Upgrade before the Harvester Official Upgrade is Available
> 
> After a new Harvester version is released, the official upgrade is not available right now, you do not see the `upgrade` button on your cluster.
> 
> When you want to upgrade your cluster to the new release, follow the steps on [Prepare an air-gapped upgrade](#prepare-an-air-gapped-upgrade).
> 
> :::caution
> 
> It is recommended to wait until the official upgrade is available for production environment.
> 
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Manual Upgrades (Not UI-Based)

The **Upgrade** button does not appear on the UI immediately after a new Harvester version is released.
If you want to upgrade your cluster before the option becomes available on the UI, follow the steps in [Prepare an air-gapped upgrade](#prepare-an-air-gapped-upgrade).

:::tip

In production environments, upgrading clusters via the Harvester UI is recommended.

:::
```

Author: The `upgrade` action itself, is still UI-based, user clicks the `upgrade` button to start the upgrade and click the `circle` to view the progress.

The only difference is, the `upgrade` button does not appear, user needs to manually `create the version object`, and after that, all are same.

I keep the title unchanged for now.

Reviewer 2: You can keep the original title, but please use the suggested wording.

          isoURL: http://10.10.0.1/harvester.iso  # change to local ISO URL
          releaseDate: '20250425'
        ```

    - Assume the file is hosted at `http://10.10.0.1/version.yaml`.

    - If you require customizations, see [Customize the Version](#customize-the-version).

1. Access one of the control plane nodes via SSH and log in using the root account.

1. Create a version object.

    ```
    rancher@node1:~> sudo -i
    rancher@node1:~> kubectl create -f http://10.10.0.1/version.yaml
    ```

### Start the Upgrade

The **Upgrade** button appears on the **Dashboard** screen whenever a new Harvester version that you can upgrade to becomes available. Refresh the screen if the button does not appear.

## Manually Start an Upgrade before the Harvester Official Upgrade is Available

After a new Harvester version is released, the official upgrade is not available right now, you do not see the `upgrade` button on your cluster.

When you want to upgrade your cluster to the new release, follow the steps on [Prepare an air-gapped upgrade](#prepare-an-air-gapped-upgrade).

:::caution

It is recommended to wait until the official upgrade is available for production environment.

> :::

Author: It is updated, and the commits are squashed now. thanks.
